2.15 monitoring v2 deprecation notice (#1333)
rancher/rancher-product-docs: versions/v2.15/modules/en/pages/observability/monitoring-and-dashboards/configuration/configuration.adoc

:xref-helm-chart-options: xref:reference-guides/monitoring-v2-configuration/helm-chart-options.adoc
endif::[]

> ifeval::["{build-type}" == "community"]

Reviewer: Isn't this change applicable to Community and Product? It's currently marked as Community-only by placing it in this conditional block.

Reviewer 2: Sorry I missed this. +1 since we have the v2.15 (Unreleased) version, this can be added to the product side as well.

Author: I thought it may be repetitive as when viewing from product the [page](https://documentation.suse.com/cloudnative/rancher-manager/v2.15/en/observability/monitoring-and-dashboards/configuration/configuration.html) is nested under https://documentation.suse.com/cloudnative/rancher-manager/v2.15/en/observability/monitoring-and-dashboards/monitoring-and-dashboards.html, which has information denoting `rancher-monitoring` as legacy but if you are in community the page is located [here (how-to section)](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/v2.15/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/monitoring-v2-configuration-guides/), separate from where the legacy information is denoted which is [here in integrations](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/v2.15/integrations-in-rancher/monitoring-and-alerting/). 
I can remove the conditional though, might be better to be more explicit by noting it here as well for product in case users just hit this page

Author: @btat @LucasSaintarbor removed the conditional in this commit https://github.com/rancher/rancher-product-docs/pull/1333/commits/787169f12ec6fad4931ee4575642e347dec84397

Reviewer: > I thought it may be repetitive as when viewing from product the [page](https://documentation.suse.com/cloudnative/rancher-manager/v2.15/en/observability/monitoring-and-dashboards/configuration/configuration.html) is nested under https://documentation.suse.com/cloudnative/rancher-manager/v2.15/en/observability/monitoring-and-dashboards/monitoring-and-dashboards.html, which has information denoting `rancher-monitoring` as legacy but if you are in community the page is located [here (how-to section)](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/v2.15/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/monitoring-v2-configuration-guides/), separate from where the legacy information is denoted which is [here in integrations](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/v2.15/integrations-in-rancher/monitoring-and-alerting/). I can remove the conditional though, might be better to be more explicit by noting it here as well for product in case users just hit this page

I don't think being repetitive is an issue in terms of deprecation notices. Generally when we add deprecation notes, we should add it to every page/section that we're aware of to avoid users from missing it if they navigate to a page directly, and not through a parent section. I think doing this was missed when the initial note was added. 

Using Istio as an example from our Community docs:
- This [parent category](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/istio-setup-guide/) and its child pages under Integrations all have the note.
- Similarly, this [parent category](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/istio-setup-guide/) and its child pages under How to all have the note too.

Author: Understood thanks for clarifying @btat. I'll update with this in mind and get the child pages updated with the note as well, will also move the note to the shared folder and go the partial route.

Reviewer 2: +1 Thanks for clarifying @btat

Author: @btat Added the deprecation notice as a [partial](https://github.com/rancher/rancher-product-docs/pull/1333/commits/9ddf1a4b4bd08f63084c85cb0cf6aca98735bf5c), and added the notice to the pages in the [monitoring-and-dashboards](https://github.com/rancher/rancher-product-docs/pull/1333/commits/fbf4b7f8e417bdc95f53fe8e8e0b9dfda9eba80b) section and community index.adoc. Please let me know if any edits are needed, thank you!

:xref-helm-chart-options: xref:reference-guides/monitoring-v2-configuration/helm-chart-options.adoc
endif::[]

ifeval::["{build-type}" == "community"]
[CAUTION]
.Deprecation Notice
====
Rancher Monitoring v2 is deprecated.

New monitoring installations use the decoupled `rancher-monitoring-dashboards` chart.

> Rancher maintains the legacy `rancher-monitoring` chart to support existing deployments, but it does not receive new updates. Use the `rancher-monitoring-dashboards` chart for ongoing updates and support. Refer to the {xref-monitoring-v2-configuration}[Migrating from `rancher-monitoring` to `rancher-monitoring-dashboards` guide] for more information on migrating to the new chart.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Rancher Monitoring v2 (rancher-monitoring) is deprecated and no longer receives updates. Rancher maintains the legacy chart only to support existing deployments. For new installations, ongoing updates, and support, use the decoupled rancher-monitoring-dashboards chart.

For instructions on migrating, see {xref-monitoring-v2-configuration}[Migrating from `rancher-monitoring` to `rancher-monitoring-dashboards`].
```
